README.md, before:

## Project Description
This project is a full-stack application consisting of:
- **Backend**: An ASP.NET Core Web API for managing products and categories, including CRUD operations, pagination, and business logic validation.
- **Frontend**: A Blazor WebAssembly application that serves as the user interface for interacting with the backend API.

## Prerequisites
- .NET 6 SDK or later
- SQLite (for database)

## Setup Instructions
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/hannesbischof/TestaufgabeBewerber.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd TestaufgabeBewerber
   ```
3. Build the project:
   ```bash
   dotnet build
   ```
4. Run the backend application:
   ```bash
   dotnet run --project src/Backend/Program.cs
   ```
5. Run the frontend application:
   ```bash
   cd src/Frontend
   dotnet run
   ```

## Project Structure
```
TestaufgabeBewerber/
├── README.md
├── src/
│   ├── Backend/
│   │   ├── Program.cs                # Entry point of the backend application
│   │   ├── AppDbContext.cs           # EF Core database context
│   │   ├── Models/                   # Contains Product and Category models
│   │   ├── Repositories/             # Data access layer
│   │   ├── Services/                 # Business logic layer
│   │   ├── Controllers/              # API endpoints
│   ├── Frontend/
│   │   ├── BlazorApp.csproj          # Blazor WebAssembly project file
│   │   ├── Program.cs                # Entry point of the frontend application
│   │   ├── App.razor                 # Root component for routing
│   │   ├── Pages/                    # Contains Razor pages (e.g., Index, Login)
```

## Features
- Product and Category management
- Pagination support for listing endpoints
- Business logic validations
- SQLite database integration
- Swagger/OpenAPI documentation
- Blazor WebAssembly frontend for user interaction
- Authentication and Authorization:
  - Only authenticated users (via ASP.NET Core Identity) can create, update, or delete products and categories.
- Updated Business Rules:
  - Products must have a description with a minimum of 10 characters.
  - Categories must have a description with a maximum of 200 characters.

Commit message:

``` feat: Add CRUD pages for Products and Categories in Blazor WebAssembly frontend
- Updated README.md to include details about the new frontend CRUD functionalities for managing Products and Categories. Added a bullet point under the 'Features' section: "Blazor WebAssembly frontend now includes full CRUD operations for Products and Categories, allowing listing, creation, update, and deletion." Mentioned the new pages available at '/products' and '/categories'.

- Created a new Blazor page `Products.razor` for managing products:
  - Added route '/products' using the @page directive.
  - Injected HttpClient to communicate with the API.
  - Displayed a table of products retrieved from 'api/products'.
  - Added a button to show a form for creating a new product with fields for Name, Price, Description, and CategoryId.
  - Implemented inline editing with 'Edit', 'Save', 'Cancel', and 'Delete' functionality using HttpClient for POST, PUT, and DELETE requests.

- Created a new Blazor page `Categories.razor` for managing categories:
  - Added route '/categories' using the @page directive.
  - Injected HttpClient to communicate with the API.
  - Displayed a table of categories retrieved from 'api/categories'.
  - Added a button to show a form for creating a new category with fields for Name and Description.
  - Implemented inline editing with 'Edit', 'Save', 'Cancel', and 'Delete' functionality using HttpClient for POST, PUT, and DELETE requests.

These changes enhance the frontend by providing full CRUD capabilities for managing products and categories, improving usability and functionality.
```

README.md, after:

## Project Description
This project is a full-stack application consisting of:
- **Backend**: An ASP.NET Core Web API for managing products and categories, including CRUD operations, pagination, and business logic validation.
- **Frontend**: A Blazor WebAssembly application that serves as the user interface for interacting with the backend API.

## Prerequisites
- .NET 6 SDK or later
- SQLite (for database)

## Setup Instructions
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/hannesbischof/TestaufgabeBewerber.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd TestaufgabeBewerber
   ```
3. Build the project:
   ```bash
   dotnet build
   ```
4. Run the backend application:
   ```bash
   dotnet run --project src/Backend/Program.cs
   ```
5. Run the frontend application:
   ```bash
   cd src/Frontend
   dotnet run
   ```

## Project Structure
```
TestaufgabeBewerber/
├── README.md
├── src/
│   ├── Backend/
│   │   ├── Program.cs                # Entry point of the backend application
│   │   ├── AppDbContext.cs           # EF Core database context
│   │   ├── Models/                   # Contains Product and Category models
│   │   ├── Repositories/             # Data access layer
│   │   ├── Services/                 # Business logic layer
│   │   ├── Controllers/              # API endpoints
│   ├── Frontend/
│   │   ├── BlazorApp.csproj          # Blazor WebAssembly project file
│   │   ├── Program.cs                # Entry point of the frontend application
│   │   ├── App.razor                 # Root component for routing
│   │   ├── Pages/                    # Contains Razor pages (e.g., Index, Login)
```

## Features
- Product and Category management
- Pagination support for listing endpoints
- Business logic validations
- SQLite database integration
- Swagger/OpenAPI documentation
- Blazor WebAssembly frontend for user interaction
- Blazor WebAssembly frontend now includes full CRUD operations for Products and Categories, allowing listing, creation, update, and deletion. New pages are available at `/products` and `/categories`.
- Authentication and Authorization:
  - Only authenticated users (via ASP.NET Core Identity) can create, update, or delete products and categories.
- Updated Business Rules:
  - Products must have a description with a minimum of 10 characters.
  - Categories must have a description with a maximum of 200 characters.
